Google V8 JavaScript runtime engine
    Google      Chrome
    Microsoft   Edge
    --
    OpenJS      NodeJS
    JavaScript
        V8 JavaScript engine
        hardware
        --
        C, C++, C#, objectiveC, java, python
        OPCODE
        Byte Code - and bits 0, 1
        hardware
--
What is NodeJS?
    Node.js is an open-source, cross-platform, back-end JavaScript runtime
    environment.
    Which is built on Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine (JS Compiler).
    and executes JavaScript code outside a web browser.
--
What is V8?
    V8 is Google's open source high-performance JavaScript and WebAssembly
    engine, written in C++.
    It is used in Chrome, Node.js and among others.
    It implements ECMAScript and WebAssembly, and runs on Windows 7 or later,
    macOS 10.12+, and Linux systems that use x64, IA-32, ARM, or MIPS processors.
    V8 can run standalone, or can be into any C++ application.
--
What is the use of nodeJS?
    We can run JavaScript files from the CLI by using nodejs, without having
    any web browser.
    It acts like as a server, it will compile and runs the js files.
    nodejs itself acts as a server, means we can run our application without 
    servers.
    serverless containers.
--
How to download nodeJS?
    http://nodejs.org/en/download/
        Windows Installer (.msi)
        Windows Binary (.zip)
--
How to install?
    Download the nodejs file from Windows binary (.zip) 64-bit.
    Extract the file to your system at particular folder.
--
How to set nodejs path?
    Click on windows + S.
    In search bar, then type environment variables.
    There you can find User variables and System variables.
    If you are the Admin then go for System variables and find path name in
    that window.
    There click on edit and copy the nodejs path from the folder(where you have
    downloaded) and paste it in the path window and click on OK.
    If you are the user then go for User variables and find the Path name in 
    that window.
    There click on edit and copy the nodejs path from the folder(where you have
    downloaded) and paste it in the path window and click on OK.
    After this, you can run the nodejs (by using cmd) from any folder of the 
    system.
    C:\Users\user\work\node-v18.15.0
--
Why we need to set the NodeJS path?
    If we don't set the path then we need to go to the nodejs folder(where you have
    downloaded) and there only we can execute the JavaScript code.
    If we set the path then the code can be executed (can access nodejs)
    from any folder present in your system.
--
What is the difference between interpreter and compiler?
    If any error in code, interpreter won't stop the interpretation into that
    particular line.
    It will print error in the console then it will interpret the nest line.
    If any error in code, compiler will stop there and it will print error in 
    console. It won't compile next line.
--
How to run js files by using nodejs?
    Open the command prompt and type
    >node filename.js
--
What is design time?
    // TODO Development Time

What is compilation time?
    // TODO Development Testing Time
--
What is run time?
    // TODO Java