What is Angular?
    Angular is a JavaScript framework, which is backed by google, which allows
    us to create a single page applications.
--
What is SPA?
    SPA is basically a web application where all functionalities are framed on 
    a single page.
    SPA has only one HTML file and bunch of html templates, javascript and css 
    files.
    In SPA, all the html templates, css and javascript files are rendered on 
    the same page dynamically.
    User can navigate different sections of the page by clicking on links or 
    buttons without reloading the page.
    It looks like as a mobile application, they give better user experience.
--
What is difference between AngularJS and Angular?
    Language
        AngularJS uses JavaScript language, which is a dynamically typed 
        language.
        Angular uses TypeScript language, which is a statically typed language
        and is a superset of JavaScript.
    Mobile Support
        AngularJS does not provide mobile support.
        Angular is supported by all popular mobile browsers.
    Version
        AngularJS was introduced in 2010. It is written in JavaScript, It is 
        also called as Angular1.
        Angular framework was introduced in 2016, it uses TypeScript as 
        programming language.
        It is completely rewritten framework, it is not related with AngularJS.
            We are calling it as Angular2.
            Angular2
            Angular3 xxx
            Angular4
            ...
            ...
            Angular10
            Angular11
            ...
            Angular16
    Architecture
    AngularJS uses MVC or Model-View-Controller architecture
        View shows data to the users.
        Controller gets the data from Model, it process the data and exposes 
        data to view.
        Model contains the business logic.
        Angular replaces controllers with components.
        Components are nothing but directives with a predefined template.
--
What is difference between JavaScript and TypeScript?
    TypeScript is a superset of JavaScript.
    JavaScript runs in the browser indirectly, compilation phase is not 
    required.
    TypeScript won't run in the browser directly, it requires compilation phase.
    TSC compiler will takes .ts file as an input and generates the .js file as 
    an output.
    Angular uses the Ahead-of-time (AOT) compiler.
--
How to download and install angular?
    Install nodejs and npm
        set nodejs Path
        node -v // v14.21.3
        npm -v // 6.14.18
    Install typescript 
        npm install -g typescript
        npm install -g typescript@4.8.4
    Install angular 
        npm install -g @angular/cli 
        npm install -g @angular/cli@14.2.11
--
How to check the angular version?
    ng version
--
How to create an angular project?
    ng new hrms
--
What is routing in angular?
    //Navigation TODO
--
What is the difference between between css and scss?
    CSS is a style language that is used to style and create web pages.
    SCSS is a particular type of file for SASS, it used the Ruby language.
    which assembles the browser's CSS style sheets.
    SCSS contains advanced and modified features.
    SCSS is more expressive than CSS.
--
What is the difference between scss and less?
--
How to build a angular project?
    >ng build
        Compile + Package
--
How to build a angular project?
    >ng serve
        Compile + Package + Deploy
--
What is the difference between build and serve?
    // TODO
--
What is package.json file contains?
    What are the packages/libraries that we are using into our angular project 
    those are registered into package.json files with version information.
    package.json contains version information but not packages/libraries.
    Angular packages: Angular core and optional modules; their package names
    begin @angular/.
        Ex: @angular/core, @angular/forms, @angular/compiler 
        Support packages: 3rd party libraries that must be present for Angular 
        applications to run.
            Ex: bootstrap, Rxjs libraries 
--
How an angular.json file contains?
    Angular.json contains a set of Architect target commands.
        Ex: architect/build, architect/serve, architect/e2e, architect/test 
            commands.
--
How an angular app gets started and loaded?
    When an angular app gets served, couples of CSS and JavaScript files are 
    imported into the index.html by the Angular CLI.
    One of the important file imported into index.html file is main.ts file.
    In main.ts file, we bootstrap the root module app.module.ts 
    In app.component.ts file, we bootstrap the root component app.component.ts 
    file.
    In app.component.ts file, root-selector, template and style are configured.
    In index.html file, the root-selector is configured. So that angular 
    framework.
    will loads the app.component.ts element dynamically into index.html.
    index.htm >> main.ts >> app.module.ts >> app.component.ts >> index.html>>
    app.component.html
--
What are components?
    Components are a key features in angular, you build your whole application 
    by composing it from a couple of components which you create in your own.
    root component is app component.
    Each component has its own files.
    We can use components more than one.
--
What is app module?
    An Application Module is a logical container of related Components
    to a particular task.
    Angular uses components to build web pages.
    Angular uses modules to basically bundle different pieces.
--
What is data binding?
    Basically translate data binding with communication.
    communication between TypeScript code of component and the template(HTML).
--