How many ways we can apply color to html elements?
    color-names
    HEX
    RGB, RGBA
    HSL, HSLA
--
How to apply color names?
    Color can be specified by predefined color names.
--
How to apply color to the text to an element?
    Using color property.
--
How to apply border color to an element?
    We can apply color for borders by using border property.
--
How to apply background color to an element?
    Using background-color property.
--
How to apply color in HEX format to an element?
    Color can be specified using a hexadecimal form like (#rrggbb), which 
    indicates red, green and blue.
    The hexadecimal values are specified between 00 and ff.
    Sometimes we can write as a three digit code in css like (#rgb).
    It is possible when both the values are same for each components
    Example: 22dd55 = 2d5 
    Black   =   #000000
    White   =   #ffffff
--
How to apply color in RGB format to an element?
    Color can be specified as an RGB value represents Red, Green and Blue.
    Each parameter red, green and blue defines the intesity of the Color
    between 0 and 255.
--
How can we get black and white colors by using RGB values?
    To display black, set all the parameters to 0 like rgb(0,0,0).
    To display white, set all the parameters to 255 like rgb(255, 255, 255).
--
How to apply color in RGBA format to an  element?
    RGBA color values are the extention of rgb color values with alpha, it 
    specifies the opacity of the color.
    Which it represents rgba(red, green, blue, alpha)
    alpha parameter is a number between 0.0(fully transparement) and 
    1.0(not transparent at all)
--
How to apply color in HSL format to an element?
    HSL stands for hue, saturation and lightness.
    Hue defines the intensity of the color between 0 and 360. 0 is red, 120 is
    green, and 240 is blue.
    Saturation is a percentage value, 0% is gray and 100% is the full color.
    Lightness is also a percentage, 0% is black and 100% is white.
--
How to apply color in HSLA format to an element?
    HSLA color values are an extension of HSL color values with an alpha
    channel.
    Alpha specifies the opacity for a color.
    alpha parameter is a number between 0.0 (fully transparent) and 1.0 (not transparement
    at all)
    Syntax:
    hsla(hue, saturation, lightness, alpha)